thank you for being here again in my
Youtube chef Oropeza channel do not forget
subscribe comment and share these
videos know today we will make a rich recipe
to celebrate thanksgiving 'stay
and see what I already started, I'm cutting a
little onion we will leave it such
which sheets is not a very very cut
simple today I will use nothing
more centers or hearts of
artichokes
for this recipe and it's just
of a recipe that includes
to the centers of the artichokes the
spinach and all this we're going to take to the
fire oven in the pan we are going to
throw some oil
and we are going to cut the spinach
if you are a future pack if you are
pregnant first of all congratulate you
and then I let you know that this
product the spinach and all the
green vegetables contain large amount
iron as I just mentioned it but
additionally they contain folic acid
vitamin a vitamin c
and time the oil will heat up
we throw the onion
the only thing we are going to do to the
hearts or centers of artichoke is that
we're going to split them in half
you realize
now it's time to put in the
clear pan spinach
artichokes for inside
do not give much back to the pan in the
moment in which they add the artichokes
because they are very soft and tend to
break the only thing missing here a touch
pepper much flavor with pepper
black
these spinach and artichokes are more
let lists come for the refractory
and let's throw some cheese
Whatever you have on hand
the one in the refrigerator that I
being used today is a little
of manchego cheese mixed with cheese
gruyère raise an awesome flavor
awesome we retired now a little
of bread crumbs or if you have a bank that
only bread ground without the edges
remains
and what will be the bread
ground
is that it will give a good texture
crunchy and golden because because this
botana is finished in the oven at 180
degrees centigrade 5 to 7 minutes just